---
sidebar_position: 6
---

# Argument List

```shell
x2f [ input ] [ flatc options ] [ xlsx-fbs options ]
```

### input Options

Excel file path or folder path containing Excel files. If a file is passed, it converts a single table; if a path is passed, it **recursively** converts all tables in the folder. If not passed, it defaults to converting all tables in the execution path of `x2f`.

### flatc Options

For the list of supported code languages and complete parameters for **flatc**, please refer to the [FlatBuffers documentation](https://flatbuffers.dev/flatc/). xlsx-fbs will pass the parameters to **flatc**. Here are some commonly used ones:

- `--cpp --csharp --ts --java` etc., generate code for the corresponding language.

### xlsx-fbs Options

- `-o, --output <path>` Output path, defaults to `output/` in the folder where `xlsx-fbs` is executed.

- `-n, --namespace <name>` Namespace for generated code, defaults to `Xlsx`.

- `-k, --default-key <field>` By default, no key attribute is used. If passed, if no field in the table has the key attribute set, this field will be used as the key.

- `--binary-extension <ext>` Suffix for output binary files, defaults to bin. You can go crazy and fill in wtf.bytes if you want.

- `--censored-fields <fields>` Censored fields, connected with `,`. Will generate a censored version of the file to the `output_censored/` directory. (Note: This is not deleting data, but removing the entire field from the .fbs file!)

- `--censored-output <path>` Specify the output path for censored tables, defaults to `${output}_censored/`.

- `--output-bin <path>` Copy output bin to specified path. This type of copy parameter is only available for batch table generation, and will preserve files in the original output path.

- `--output-csharp <path>` Copy output code to specified path, using C# as an example. Replace with corresponding language name for others.

- `--censored-output-bin <path>` Copy censored version output bin to specified path.

- `--censored-output-csharp <path>` Copy censored version output code to specified path, using C# as an example. Replace with corresponding language name for others.

- `--clean-output` Force clear output directory before batch table generation. Use with caution, don't accidentally delete innocent files.

- `--empty-string` By default, string type fields in the table are filled with empty strings instead of null when creating binaries.

- `--disable-merge-table` When batch generating tables, if the `merge` field is configured in the configuration table, code and binaries for `mergeTable` will be generated by default. This feature can be disabled if not needed.

- `--disable-incremental` Batch table generation has incremental generation enabled by default, but can be manually disabled.

- `--enable-streaming-read` Enable streaming read for .xlsx format. Fast, small memory usage, but Chinese characters might be garbled😠, and there's an unstable bug where data might become sharedString. Suggest **not using** for now, wait for ExcelJS project to fix.

- `--table-class-suffix <suffix>` Suffix for generated table class names, defaults to empty string. For example, the table class name generated from `item.xlsx` would be `Item`.

- `--data-class-suffix <suffix>` Suffix for generated table data class names, defaults to `Info`. For example, the data class name generated from `item.xlsx` would be `ItemInfo`. Must avoid having tables named with class suffix endings. For example, when batch generating tables, if there are both `drop.xlsx` and `dropInfo.xlsx` in the directory, the data class name of the first table will conflict with the class name of the second table, BOOM💥.

- `--multi-thread <number>` Number of threads for batch table generation, defaults to 6.

- `--minimal-info` Minimize output information, optional range `log < info < warn < error`, defaults to `info`.

- `--allow-wild-table` Allow wild tables (tables not configured in $tables.xlsx) during batch table generation. Use with caution, ensure no strange things are generated.

    :::info
    #### Property Sheet Default Values:
        - A: Data sheet field name (can be filled freely, maps to property sheet, and serves as field name comments in generated .fbs)
        - B: Field variable name (corresponds to field in .fbs, and member field name in code)
        - C: Field type (`short`, `int`, `string` ... etc.)
        - D: Field default value (corresponds to default value in .fbs)
        - E: Field attributes (corresponds to Attributes in .fbs)
    :::

- `--property-order` Customize property sheet order, defaults to ABCDE. Can be defined according to the actual column order in the table. For example, if you want to use the field name in column A of the table property sheet as the variable name, column B already defines the type, and column C is occupied by comments, then pass AABDE. The order corresponds to **field name -> variable name -> type -> default value -> attributes**.

- `--csharp-unity-loader` Generate Unity table loader class. Data sheet needs to configure int type id field.

- `--csharp-unity-loader-suffix` Table loader class suffix, defaults to `Table`. For brevity, you can use `s`.

- `--js` Package js. Use `.js` for browser, `.cjs.js` or `.esm.js` for node.

- `--js-sourcemap`

- `--js-exclude-flatbuffers` Remove flatbuffers code from packaged js, ensure correct external import.

- `--js-browser-target <target>` Defaults to `es2017`, you can research what to pass [yourself](https://esbuild.github.io/api/#target), use `,` to connect, for example `--js-browser-target "es2020,chrome58,edge16,firefox57"`

- `--js-node-target <target>` Defaults to `node20`.