---
sidebar_position: 5
---

# Index Table Configuration

When batch generating tables, placing `$tables.xlsx` in the input path can be used to configure which tables to generate and some specified behaviors.

:::tip
In the table generation root directory, any table starting with `$` will be treated as an index table, such as `$items.xls`.
:::

The structure of the index table is the same as the data table, but it configures the following **functional fields**.

- **tableName**: The name of the table to be generated, which is the filename without the extension. If not configured, the table will not be generated.

- **merge**: Whether to merge into a large table for preloading convenience. Marked tables will be merged into `mergeTable`.

- **censoredTable**: Sensitive table, will not be output to the `output_censored/` directory, but will be output to `output/`. Generally used when frontend and backend share the same table generation logic, to remove backend tables from the frontend directory.

- **censoredFields**: Sensitive fields, use `,` to connect specified fields (variable names) in the table. These fields will be deleted and output to the `output_censored/` directory, while the uncensored version will be output to `output/`. Also serves to remove backend-used data from frontend tables.

- **constFields**: Constant fields, will use specified fields in the table as constants. Value types only support `int` or `string`, and will be converted to an independent Xlsx.tableNameConst class. Configuration format is `[{"key":"","value":"","desc":""},{"key":"","value":"","desc:"""},...]`. For example, if you want to use **NPC name** as a constant to get **NPC id**, you can configure it like this: `[{"key":"npcName","value":"id","desc":"npcDesc"}]`.

:::info
When `$tables.xlsx` is not placed in the batch table generation directory, all tables in the directory will be generated by default.
:::

:::caution
Constant definition code is only implemented for C# and TS/JS.
:::